2D 0.1 Alpha was the biggest update to the game, especially because it added a thing that made my life much, much
easier - 2D array's. Before then, the code was functioning on a simple list and elaborate math. This was going to be
once i would begin working on updating the map generation further, like making it random. That was not feasible for
me, and once i found out about 2D lists (or arrays as i call them), i got straight to work, making the map generation 
straight from scratch. While implementing the 2D generation was painful to figure out, after that it was very simple 
to add the other tiles like Start, Exit and the monster. And adding the movement was even easier. i also fixed and 
remade tilecheck() into isspace(), and randomized map size.

This update also added three objects. The first was the weapon Fist, which was supposed to be used when no weapon was
equipped. And since there is no way for the player to unequip their Weapon, this weapon goes unused. Then there's the
UMG Hammer, which i added as an easter egg. It's insanely OP, and equips itself upon activating the easter egg. The
last item also introduced a new weapon type, the Explosive. That item is the Dynamite, and along with Fist goes 
completely unused, residing only in objdata. Also, explosive were apparently divided into s. explosive and w. 
explosive. I have no idea what the first letters mean, maybe it's just a joke.

Along with the new 2D array usage and new items, i also attempted to make the game even less prone to being 
uncompletable by the aforementioned isspace() and diagonal movement. Speaking of movement, i shortened the commands
even more, reducing them to their first letters. You also could now get an overview of your inventory, but otherwise,
the inv command was yet to get any proper usage. I also got around to fixing the combat so it used your weapon instead
of generating it's own numbers.

In the end, version 2D 0.1 increased the code length by 106 lines, increasing the total by more than a half. It was
the last finished update to the game, the first one to have 2D added to it's name, and the first one to be developed
on PC, as the previous versions were made and tested on mobile and code ported to PC from there.
